---
title: Legal
last_updated: 'January 6, 2023'
---

# {{ $doc.title }}

Welcome to the legal page of {{ $doc.site.name }}. On this page, you
will find important
legal information and documents that govern your use of our website and
services. We encourage you to read these documents carefully and to check this
page periodically for updates.

Please note that by accessing and using our website, you are agreeing to comply
with and be bound by the terms and conditions outlined in these legal
documents. If you do not agree with any part of these terms, please do not use
our website.

## Privacy Policy

Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your personal
information when you visit our website or use our services. We take your
privacy seriously and are committed to safeguarding your data.

[Read our privacy policy.](/legal/privacy/)

## Terms & Conditions

Terms & Conditions outline the rules and guidelines for using our website and
services. By accessing our website, you agree to abide by these terms. Please
read them carefully to understand your rights and responsibilities.

[Read our terms & conditions.](/legal/terms/)

## Affiliate Disclosure

Some of the links on our website are affiliate links, which means that we may
earn a commission if you click on them and make a purchase. Our Affiliate
Disclosure provides more information about our affiliate partnerships and how
they work.

[Read our affiliate disclosures.](/legal/affiliate-disclosure/)

Contact us at {{ $doc.site.emailMasked.contact }} you have any questions or
concerns about our legal documents or practices, please do not hesitate to
contact us. We are here to help and are committed to providing a transparent
and user-friendly experience.
